blog/a-journal-entry.md, before:

---
date: 2019-05-17
title: About Typography
author: Nichlas W. Andersen
excerpt: Font face, vertical rythm, readability, this long fake text should flow.

---

![](/uploads/markus-spiske-516263-unsplash.jpg)

Still it was a handgun and nine rounds of ammunition, and as he made his way down Shiga from the Chinese program’s thrust, a worrying impression of solid fluidity, as though the shards of a [slick headless CMS](https://forestry.io) bent and elongated as they rotated, but it never told the correct time.

## William Gibson

Why bother with the movement of the train, their high heels like polished hooves against the gray metal of the Sprawl’s towers and ragged Fuller domes, dim figures moving toward him in the dark. Light from a service hatch at the rear wall dulling the roar of the deck sting his palm as he made his way down Shiga from the sushi stall he cradled it in his capsule in some coffin hotel, his hands clawed into the shadow of the console. She peered at the clinic, Molly took him to the simple Chinese hollow points Shin had sold him. None of that prepared him for the arena, the crowd, the tense hush, the towering puppets of light from a half-open service hatch framed a heap of discarded fiber optics and the drifting shoals of waste.

### Still it was a square of faint light

The alarm still oscillated, louder here, the rear of the deck sting his palm as he made his way down Shiga from the sushi stall he cradled it in his jacket pocket. He’d waited in the shade beneath a bridge or overpass. The two surviving Founders of Zion were old men, old with the movement of the train, their high heels like polished hooves against the gray metal of the room where Case waited.

Still it was a square of faint light. Why bother with the movement of the train, their high heels like polished hooves against the gray metal of the console in faded pinks and yellows. The alarm still oscillated, louder here, the rear of the Villa bespeak a turning in, a denial of the bright void beyond the hull. Then a mist closed over the black water and the dripping chassis of a heroin factory. She put his pistol down, picked up her fletcher, dialed the barrel over to single shot, and very carefully put a toxin dart through the center of a broken mirror bent and elongated as they fell.


#### Images formed and reformed

A flickering montage of the Sprawl’s towers and ragged Fuller domes, dim figures moving toward him in the tunnel’s ceiling.

Commit message:

added blog cards and single blog page

blog/a-journal-entry.md, after:

---
date: 2020-08-25
header_image: '/uploads/self-care.jpg'
title: Shak Dart moments during this pandemic
author_avatar: '/uploads/benjamin-parker-694742-unsplash.jpg'
author: Sova The Hunta
excerpt: Revealing area. This bow has taken men and beast alike. I have found there is little difference. I believe in all of you like I believe in myself.
content_image: '/uploads/healthy-pandemic-content.jpg'
---

Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry'sstandard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to makea type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged.

## Some of my tips on how to be lorem ipsum

![image](/uploads/pizza.jpg)

Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry'sstandard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to makea type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry'sstandard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to makea type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry'sstandard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to makea type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged.
